{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Data Format Specifications
\fs24 \
\
abstracts.json
\f1\b0  contains a dictionary mapping document ids to a single string which is the human written summary\
for that document.
\f0\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
data_splits.json
\f1\b0  contains a dictionary with the keys \'91train\'92, \'91val\'92, and \'91test\'92.  Each key maps to a list containing the \
document ids of the respective subset of the data (training data, validation data, and test data).
\f0\b \
\
fulltexts.json
\f1\b0  contains a dictionary mapping document ids to a list of lists representing a document.  The list of\
lists has a list for each sentence and each sentence is itself a list of words.  That is to say the document tokenized\
into words and grouped by sentence.\
\

\f0\b labels.json
\f1\b0  contains a dictionary mapping document ids to a binary list of length equal to the number of sentences\
of the respective document.  A 1 indicates that the matching sentence should be retained in the summary.  The order\
of the labels correspond to the order the sentences appear in the document.\
\

\f0\b sentence_tokens.json
\f1\b0  contains a dictionary mapping document ids to a list of strings representing a document. The\
list of strings has a list for each sentence and each sentence is a string that contains the unchanged sentence from\
the document.  That is to say the document split into sentences.}